DOCS-1905: Second chance cannot be used for Lightspeed in FAQ section (#993)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integrations/hosted/lightspeed_app/faq/payment-reminders.md

meta_description: "The MultiSafepay Documentation Center presents all relevant information about our Plugins and API. You can also find support pages for payment methods, tools and general questions as well as the contact details of our Support and Integration Teams."
---

Within Lightspeed, MultiSafepay's [Second Chance]((https://docs.multisafepay.com/tools/second-chance/how-does-it-work/)) tool cannot be used, as Lightspeed orders expire after 12 hours. However, similar to Second Chance, Lightspeed offers a functionality that allows you to configure payment reminders for orders which are still _Pending_.

> The functionality allows you to enable and configure payment reminders as well as creating payment reminder emails. For more information regarding this option, the step-by-step instructions are explained on the official website of [Lightspeed](https://ecom-support.lightspeedhq.com/hc/en-us/articles/220661507-Configuring-payment-reminders)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The functionality allows you to enable and configure payment reminders as well as creating payment reminder emails. For more information regarding this option, step-by-step instructions are given on the official website of [Lightspeed](https://ecom-support.lightspeedhq.com/hc/en-us/articles/220661507-Configuring-payment-reminders)
```

meta_description: "The MultiSafepay Documentation Center presents all relevant information about our Plugins and API. You can also find support pages for payment methods, tools and general questions as well as the contact details of our Support and Integration Teams."
---

> The MultiSafepay variant of [Second Chance]((https://docs.multisafepay.com/tools/second-chance/how-does-it-work/)) cannot be used as Lightspeed orders expire after 12 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MultiSafepay's [Second Chance]((https://docs.multisafepay.com/tools/second-chance/how-does-it-work/)) tool cannot be used, as Lightspeed orders expire after 12 hours.
```

> Within Lightspeed, MultiSafepay's [Second Chance]((https://docs.multisafepay.com/tools/second-chance/how-does-it-work/)) tool cannot be used, as Lightspeed orders expire after 12 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within Lightspeed, MultiSafepay's [Second Chance]((https://docs.multisafepay.com/tools/second-chance/how-does-it-work/)) tool cannot be used, as Lightspeed orders expire after 12 hours. However, similar to Second Chance, Lightspeed offers a functionality that allows you to configure payment reminders for orders which are still _Pending_.
```

> Although, similar to Second Chance, Lightspeed offers a functionality that allows you to configure payment reminders for orders which are still _Pending_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
